I'm Jan Ren Tamaki and today we're
talking about the 2010 hardest working
smoothest riding Polaris Ranger XP
let's talk power for 2010 the Ranger XP
has an 800 twin efi powerplant
with 15% more power than last year
that's more torque and more horsepower
to get the work done right here you can
see the powerplant and the fuel rail for
fast starts and no adjustments for
temperature or altitude
that power is delivered to the ground
with true on-demand
all-wheel-drive when the rear wheels
slip just two lugs that power is driven
forward to both front wheels to get you
over the rocks ruts and stumps the you
encounter on your property
the Ranger XP has huge cargo payload and
towing capabilities this composite box
fits a full sized pallet up to a
thousand pounds as easy one-handed
tailgate operation and a simple dumping
feature that can be accessed from either
side of the bed this machine also has
one ton towing capability with the
built-in two inch receiver hitch but the
real action back here is the unlocking
rear differential and the smooth
independent rear suspension unlock the
rear differential so you don't tear up
the grass on your property and use the
nine inches of fully adjustable
suspension travel to give you that
smooth flush Rock this machine's also
got class leading economic s-- plush
comfortable seating for 310 inches of
tilt steering wheel travel all sorts of
in-dash storage for your gear and a
rollover protection system ROPS
certified cab frame and there you have
it the new 2010 hardest working
smoothest riding range your XP
you